What is Åland Social Democrats?	political party	specialization	The Åland Social Democrats is a social-democratic political party in the Åland Islands .	Åland Social Democrats	political party
Is Éclépens municipality?	Yes	specialization	Éclépens is a municipality of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland , located in the district of Morges .	Éclépens	municipality
What is the specialization of Ózd?	town	specialization	Ózd is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county , Northern Hungary , away from county seat Miskolc .	Ózd	town
What is Øystein Runde?	comics writer	specialization	Øystein Runde is a Norwegian comics writer and comics artist .	Øystein Runde	comics writer
Is Þorsteinn Pálsson Prime Minister of Iceland?	Yes	specialization	Þorsteinn Pálsson or Thorsteinn Pálsson is a former Prime Minister of Iceland for the Independence Party .	Þorsteinn Pálsson	Prime Minister of Iceland
What is the specialization of İbrahim Parlak?	man	specialization	İbrahim Parlak is a Kurdish man who has been accused by the United States Department of Homeland Security of being a former member of the PKK .	İbrahim Parlak	man
What is Winchester?	rifle cartridge	specialization	The .243 Winchester is a popular sporting rifle cartridge .	Winchester	rifle cartridge
Is Sésame children's television series?	Yes	specialization	1 , rue Sésame is a French children's television series based on the popular U.S. children 's program '' Sesame Street '' .	Sésame	children's television series
What is the specialization of Mai?	metro station	specialization	1 Mai is a metro station in northern Bucharest , serving line M4 .	Mai	metro station
What is FC Magdeburg?	German association football club	specialization	FC Magdeburg is a German association football club playing in the fourth-tier Regionalliga Nordost .	FC Magdeburg	German association football club
Is Trucker arcade game?	Yes	specialization	18 Wheeler : American Pro Trucker is an arcade game developed by Sega AM2 and distributed by Sega .	Trucker	arcade game
What is the specialization of Grant?	scholarship	specialization	The position is now known as Leonhard Seppala 's Honorary Musher , and the Leonhard Seppala Humanitarian Award is given to the musher who provides the best dog care while still remaining competitive , and the Leonhard Seppala Heritage Grant is an Iditarod scholarship .	Grant	scholarship
What is 2Day FM?	broadcasting	specialization	2Day FM is a commercial FM radio station broadcasting in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia , on a frequency of 104.1 MHz , and part of Austereo 's Today Network .	2Day FM	broadcasting
Is Days show?	Yes	specialization	30 Days is a reality television show on the FX cable network in the United States , created and hosted by Morgan Spurlock .	Days	show
What is the specialization of 3rd/4th Cavalry Regiment?	armoured regiment	specialization	The 3rd/4th Cavalry Regiment is an armoured regiment of the Australian Army , and is third in order of precedence in the Royal Australian Armoured Corps .	3rd/4th Cavalry Regiment	armoured regiment
What is Gorkha Rifles?	regiment	specialization	The 5 Gorkha Rifles is an infantry regiment of the Indian Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepal ese origin .	Gorkha Rifles	regiment
Is 51st Battalion , Far North Queensland Regiment battalion?	Yes	specialization	The 51st Battalion , Far North Queensland Regiment is a light infantry battalion of the Australian Army .	51st Battalion , Far North Queensland Regiment	battalion
What is the specialization of Love?	law	specialization	The central philosophy of Thelema is in two phrases from Liber AL : `` Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law '' and `` Love is the law , love under will . ''	Love	law
What is Call to Arms?	debut	specialization	A Call to Arms is the 2001 debut EP by Bandits of the Acoustic Revolution , a musical collective headed by Tomas Kalnoky .	Call to Arms	debut
Is Mathematical Theory title?	Yes	specialization	A Mathematical Theory of Natural and Artificial Selection is the title of a series of scientific paper s by the British population geneticist J.B.S. Haldane , published between 1924 and 1934 .	Mathematical Theory	title
What is the specialization of Morning?	fifth studio album	specialization	A New Morning is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Suede , released in September 2002 .	Morning	fifth studio album
What is Series of?	second album	specialization	A Series of Sneaks is the second album released by the band Spoon .	Series of	second album
Is Bound Swedish film?	Yes	specialization	A Ship Bound for India is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman .	Bound	Swedish film
What is the specialization of Noughts?	film	specialization	A Zed & Two Noughts is a 1985 film written and directed by Peter Greenaway .	Noughts	film
What is ABC?	free software	specialization	ABC is a free software , open source BitTorrent client based on BitTornado .	ABC	free software
Is Abdelnasser Ouadah footballer?	Yes	specialization	Abdelnasser Ouadah is an Algeria n former international footballer .	Abdelnasser Ouadah	footballer
What is the specialization of Abdoulaye Ascofaré?	Mali	specialization	Abdoulaye Ascofaré is a Mali an poet and filmmaker .	Abdoulaye Ascofaré	Mali
What is Aberfeldie?	km	specialization	Aberfeldie is a suburb 9 km north-west of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .	Aberfeldie	km
Is Abhijeet Sawant playback singer?	Yes	specialization	Abhijeet Sawant is an Indian playback singer .	Abhijeet Sawant	playback singer
What is the specialization of Abigail?	Diamond album	specialization	Abigail is the second King Diamond album and their first concept album .	Abigail	Diamond album
What is Abobo?	suburb	specialization	Abobo is a northern suburb of Abidjan and urban commune of this city in Côte d'Ivoire .	Abobo	suburb
Is Abteen character?	Yes	specialization	Abteen or Abtin or Aubteen is a character in Shahnama , who is the father of Fereydun .	Abteen	character
What is the specialization of Abuna River?	river	specialization	The Abuna River is a river in South America .	Abuna River	river
What is Aby?	village	specialization	Aby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .	Aby	village
Is Abyss wrestler?	Yes	specialization	Abyss is the heaviest wrestler to hold the X Division Championship .	Abyss	wrestler
What is the specialization of Acappella?	vocal group	specialization	Acappella is an all-male Contemporary Christian vocal group founded in 1982 by Keith Lancaster who has been the singer , songwriter , and producer throughout the group 's history .	Acappella	vocal group
What is Accordion?	game	specialization	Accordion is a solitaire game using one deck of playing cards .	Accordion	game
Is Acerbas person?	Yes	specialization	In this account Acerbas is the same person as Sychaeus , and Elissa the same as Dido in Virgil .	Acerbas	person
What is the specialization of Acorn Communicator?	computer	specialization	The Acorn Communicator is a business computer developed by Acorn Computers in 1985 .	Acorn Communicator	computer
What is Boosting?	form	specialization	Boosting is a form of linear regression in which the features of each sample formula_15 are the outputs of some weak learner formula_16 applied to formula_15 .	Boosting	form
Is Adamov town?	Yes	specialization	Adamov is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic , near Brno and Blansko .	Adamov	town
What is the specialization of Addison Bain?	scientist	specialization	Addison Bain is a retired NASA scientist and founding member of the National Hydrogen Association who is credited with postulating the Incendiary-Paint Theory , which posits that the Hindenburg disaster was caused by the electrical ignition of lacquer - and metal-based paints used on the outer hull of the airship .	Addison Bain	scientist
What is Adirondak Loj?	lodge	specialization	Adirondak Loj is a historic lodge near Lake Placid in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State .	Adirondak Loj	lodge
Is Admiralty Board body?	Yes	specialization	The Admiralty Board is the body established under the Defence Council of the United Kingdom for the administration of the Naval Service of the United Kingdom .	Admiralty Board	body
What is the specialization of İzmir Adnan Menderes International Airport?	airport	specialization	İzmir Adnan Menderes International Airport is an airport serving İzmir and is named after former Turkish prime minister Adnan Menderes .	İzmir Adnan Menderes International Airport	airport
What is Adobe Premiere Elements?	video editing app	specialization	Adobe Premiere Elements is a video editing app published by Adobe Systems .	Adobe Premiere Elements	video editing app
Is Aerial Board of Control supranational organization?	Yes	specialization	The Aerial Board of Control is a fictional supranational organization created to manage air traffic for the whole world .	Aerial Board of Control	supranational organization
What is the specialization of Afro-Caribbean music?	term	specialization	Afro-Caribbean music is a broad term for music style s originating in the Caribbean from the African diaspora .	Afro-Caribbean music	term
What is Agnihotri?	surname	specialization	Agnihotri is an India n surname derived from the Sanskrit '' Agnihotra '' .	Agnihotri	surname
Is Ahlden House stately home?	Yes	specialization	Ahlden House is a stately home at Ahlden on the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony , Germany .	Ahlden House	stately home
When Continental Congress was created?	1775	time	The Continental Congress created a Continental Army in 1775 , and George Washington asked that Lewis be made a brigadier general .	Continental Congress	1775
Is Arboretum created in 1997?	Yes	time	The Arboretum created the horticultural apprenticeship program in 1997 to provide hands-on experience in all aspects of the development , curation , and maintenance of the Arboretum 's living collections to individuals interested in pursuing a career in an arboretum or botanical garden .	Arboretum	1997
In which year it has been created Barpeta district?	1983	time	Barpeta district was created in 1983 when it was split from Kamrup district .	Barpeta district	1983
When Office was created?	1972	time	An Office for Combatting Terrorism was created in the State Department in 1972 after the Munich Olympics terrorist attack .	Office	1972
Is He created in 1953?	Yes	time	He was created by Paul J. Smith for the Walter Lantz studio in 1953 .	He	1953
In which year it has been created Province?	1915	time	When Herrera Province was created in 1915 , Chitré was named its capital .	Province	1915
When Chorion was created?	April 1998	time	Chorion was created in April 1998 , as a new name for the London-based entertainment and retail company , Trocadero PLC. .	Chorion	April 1998
Is In created in 1995?	Yes	time	In France , a Specialized Master in Economic Intelligence and Knowledge Management was created in 1995 within the CERAM Business School , now SKEMA Business School , in Paris , with the objective of delivering a full and professional training in Economic Intelligence .	In	1995
In which year it has been created Canada?	1967	time	Canada created the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1967 .	Canada	1967
When Foyle was created?	1983	time	Foyle was created in 1983 , when the previous "Londonderry" constituency was split in two ; the other part , '' East Londonderry '' , is strongly unionist .	Foyle	1983
Is Hertzig created in 1950s?	Yes	time	Alexander Thomas , Stella Chess , Herbert G. Birch , Margaret Hertzig and Sam Korn created an infant temperament test in the 1950s and rated them using nine temperament criteria .	Hertzig	1950s
In which year it has been created He?	2001	time	He also created the Sade Award in 2001 with Lionel Aracil .	He	2001
When Fluffytail was created?	1953	time	Tufty Fluffytail , a childlike Red Squirrel character , was created in 1953 by Elsie Mills MBE to introduce clear and simple safety messages to children .	Fluffytail	1953
Is HRSA created in 1982?	Yes	time	HRSA was created in 1982 , when the Health Resources Administration and the Health Services Administration were merged .	HRSA	1982
In which year it has been created Chips?	1995	time	According to Blumenthal , his first signature dish was Triple Cooked Chips , created in 1995 .	Chips	1995
When Hpnotiq was created?	2001	time	Hpnotiq was created by Raphael Yakoby in 2001 , a college dropout living with his parents on Long Island, New York , who , after seeing a blue perfume at Bloomingdale's , decided to create a blue liqueur .	Hpnotiq	2001
Is He created in 1994?	Yes	time	He was created a cardinal in 1994 , becoming the second Indonesian to be a cardinal .	He	1994
In which year it has been created He?	1893	time	He was created a cardinal in 1893 .	He	1893
When Association was created?	1955	time	The 75 Squadron Association of New Zealand , was created in 1955 to maintain the comradeship and associations that have been made through membership of 75 Squadron RAF , 75 Squadron RAF , and 75 Squadron RNZAF .	Association	1955
Is Foundation created in 1988?	Yes	time	He also was a founding member of the International Athletics Foundation that was created in 1988 and served as vice-president of the International Amateur Athletics Foundation 1976 -- 1999 .	Foundation	1988
In which year it has been created IRW?	2009	time	IRW was created in 2009 to carry out research to find solutions for problems in Pakistan .	IRW	2009
When Rasheeda was created?	2007	time	Also in 2007 Rasheeda & singer/writer/reality star Kandi Burruss created a group called Peach Candy , but the group would later disband due to both artist 's busy schedules .	Rasheeda	2007
Is Alumni created in 1968?	Yes	time	The Alumni & Friends Association was created in 1968 at the direction of then College President , Dr. Randolph Newman .	Alumni	1968
In which year it has been created CHP?	2003	time	The CHP was created in 2003 in response to the SARS outbreak and copies the function of the CDC in the United States .	CHP	2003
When Herbert was created?	1937	time	Their youngest son the Hon. George Herbert was created a Baronet in 1937 .	Herbert	1937
Is Encomienda created in 1582?	Yes	time	Around the same time , the Encomienda of Taytay was created in 1582 , placed under the jurisdiction of the old province of Tondo .	Encomienda	1582
In which year it has been created Telltale?	2010	time	To supplement their normal episodic games , Telltale created a Pilot Program in early 2010 to explore one-off games that would explore other gameplay and storytelling approaches that could eventually be incorporated into their episodic games .	Telltale	2010
When Traditional IRAs was created?	1975	time	According to IRS pension/retirement department as of July 13 , 2009 , Traditional IRAs were created in 1975 and made available for tax reporting that year as well .	Traditional IRAs	1975
Is Prot created in 1986?	Yes	time	Swiss-Prot was created in 1986 by Amos Bairoch during his PhD and developed by the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics and subsequently developed by Rolf Apweiler at the European Bioinformatics Institute .	Prot	1986
In which year it has been created Department?	1856	time	A Department of Railways was created in 1856 with the first appointment of staff .	Department	1856
When Park was created?	1912	time	Central Park , a public park , was created in 1912 .	Park	1912
Is Big Bend Water District created in 1983?	Yes	time	Big Bend Water District was created in 1983 to service the community of Laughlin , Nevada .	Big Bend Water District	1983
In which year it has been created Partners?	1996	time	Then in 1996 , the Carrizo Plain Management Partners again created a joint initiative called the Carrizo Plain Natural Area Plan .	Partners	1996
When Hall was created?	1990s	time	The Catalina Yachts Offshore Cruisers Hall of Fame was created in the 1990s to honor and recognize the sailing achievements of Catalina owners who have made notable voyages and accomplished ambitious cruising goals .	Hall	1990s
Is Gauguin created in 1886?	Yes	time	Gauguin created a portrait of him in 1886 looking at one of Gauguin 's Ceramic sculptures , entitled '' Still Life with Profile of Laval '' .	Gauguin	1886
In which year it has been created Chartered Semiconductor?	1987	time	Chartered Semiconductor was created in 1987 , as a venture that included Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd. Yet , it was not until 2000 , that ST Engineering , a wholly owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings wholly acquired Chartered .	Chartered Semiconductor	1987
When Company was created?	1908	time	Converse Rubber Shoe Company was created by Marquis Mills Converse in 1908 in Malden, Massachusetts .	Company	1908
Is CCs created in 1975?	Yes	time	Unlike Wales , the new CCs created in 1975 were not necessarily based on old parish areas , which no longer fit any modern administrative areas .	CCs	1975
In which year it has been created Somodevilla?	1736	time	The youthful and ambitious Zenón de Somodevilla had been created Marquis of Ensenada in 1736 for his successful diplomacy after the War of the Polish Succession , and seven years afterwards , in 1743 , he was made Philip favorite at court , and for the remainder of Philip 's reign , Ensenada effectively ruled Spain .	Somodevilla	1736
When TJ was created?	1958	time	TJ '' '' Slovan Liberec was created in 1958 .	TJ	1958
Is Program created in 1997?	Yes	time	The Bright Futures Scholarship Program was created in 1997 with revenues generated from the Florida Lottery , and was meant to emulate the Hope Scholarship in Georgia .	Program	1997
In which year it has been created Macharski?	June 1979	time	Archbishop Macharski was created Cardinal-Priest of '' San Giovanni a Porta Latina '' as his titular church in June 1979 , the first consistory on the new pope .	Macharski	June 1979
When George was created?	1979	time	George was created by Kricfalusi in 1979 immediately after Kricfalusi saw a building with a sign that read , `` George Liquor '' .	George	1979
Is Program created in 1993?	Yes	time	The HOPE Program created in 1993 under the supervision of Georgia Governor Zell Miller , is Georgia 's unique scholarship and grant program that rewards students with financial assistance in degree , diploma , and certificate programs at eligible Georgia public and private colleges and universities , and public technical colleges .	Program	1993
In which year it has been created Foundation?	2007	time	The Huxley Family Foundation was created by Laura Archera in 2007 to continue the work of deceased Huxley Family members and associates , as well as to work in association with the Thomas Henry Huxley X Club .	Foundation	2007
When ICH was created?	April 1990	time	In 1989 , Europe , Japan , and the United States began creating plans for harmonisation ; ICH was created in April 1990 at a meeting in Brussels .	ICH	April 1990
Is Brun created in 1909?	Yes	time	When General Brun created the French aviation service at Reims in 1909 , the logical candidate to command this new unit was Estienne .	Brun	1909
In which year it has been created LLL?	1979	time	LLL of France was officially created in 1979 .	LLL	1979
When It was created?	1935	time	It was created a parish in 1935 .	It	1935
Is Lumberton Independent School District created in 1967?	Yes	time	The Lumberton Independent School District was created in 1967 based on the old Chance-Loeb school district that had previously been the school for children in the area .	Lumberton Independent School District	1967
What is the dimension of duiker?	large	size	Abbott 's duiker is a large , forest-dwelling duiker found only in a few scattered enclaves in Tanzania .	duiker	large
What is the size of rainfall?	little	size	The rainfall is too little to permit any agriculture and the village is dependent on the caravan trade which nowadays is restricted to the transport of salt blocks from the mines at Taoudenni , 420 km to the north .	rainfall	little
How is Pistacia chinensis?	small	size	Pistacia chinensis is a small to medium-sized tree in the genus '' Pistacia '' in the cashew family , Anacardiaceae , native to central and western China .	Pistacia chinensis	small
What is the dimension of Garden?	large	size	A very beautiful large Public Garden is under construction on the land of the abandoned garbage dump .	Garden	large
What is the size of Aders ' duiker?	small	size	The Aders ' duiker , also known as nunga in Swahili , kunga marara in Kipokomo , and harake in Giriama ) , is a small , forest-dwelling duiker found only in Zanzibar and a small coastal enclave in Kenya .	Aders ' duiker	small
How is chemical oxygen demand?	little	size	This means that the chemical oxygen demand removed is relatively little and the effluent is therefore unacceptable for discharge into receiving waters .	chemical oxygen demand	little
What is the dimension of Skating?	large	size	Precision Roller Skating is a large and fast-growing , yet little recognized discipline , consisting of 12-24 athletes skating on the floor at one time moving as one flowing unit at high speeds .	Skating	large
What is the size of Bensen B-8?	small	size	The Bensen B-8 is a small , single-seat autogyro developed in the United States in the 1950s .	Bensen B-8	small
How is blue duiker?	small	size	The blue duiker is a small , forest-dwelling duiker found in the Central Africa and southern South Africa .	blue duiker	small
What is the dimension of Burlington Air Park?	small	size	Burlington Air Park , is a small , privately operated general aviation registered aerodrome in rural Burlington , Ontario west of Toronto .	Burlington Air Park	small
What is the size of Studio?	small	size	The Theatre Studio , with a capacity of up to 220 , is a small setting for experimental theatre and dance presentations .	Studio	small
How is frequency?	little	size	The fastest possible interrupt frequency is a little over a half of a megahertz .	frequency	little
What is the dimension of island?	giant	size	Owen and Leslie escape with LapTrap and quickly realize that the entire island is actually a giant , cunningly disguised extraterrestrial spacecraft that was evidently planted in the ocean to harvest Earthling s as the aliens responsible apparently consider Earthling brains a delicacy .	island	giant
What is the size of primary?	giant	size	The primary is a type K1 III giant with a Heliocentric distance of 110.43 pc .	primary	giant
How is spider?	large	size	The most notable spider is the large , black and hairy Gibraltar Funnel-web Spider .	spider	large
What is the dimension of spiral staircase?	narrow	size	The entire upper section , including the windows and dome roof , was made of cast Phospher Bronze , whilst the spiral staircase is both narrow and steep .	spiral staircase	narrow
What is the size of Carlitox?	short	size	Carlitox is a short 25-year-old with messy green hair .	Carlitox	short
How is Alpheton?	small	size	Alpheton is a small but active and welcoming community .	Alpheton	small
What is the dimension of supply?	small	size	While the power supply is on , a small current flows through the bleeder resistor , wasting a small amount of power .	supply	small
What is the size of ι Capricorni?	giant	size	ι Capricorni is a yellow G-type giant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.28 .	ι Capricorni	giant
What lenses could be confused with?	lenses	similarity	Antireflective ophthalmic lenses should not be confused with polarized lenses , which decrease the visible glare of sun reflected off surfaces such as sand , water , and roads .	lenses	lenses
What Aswardby is similar to?	Aswarby	similarity	Aswardby should not be confused with Aswarby , which is also in Lincolnshire , but about south-west of Aswardby .	Aswardby	Aswarby
Could BRDM-2 be confused with car?	Yes	similarity	The BRDM-2 is sometimes confused with the Hungarian D-442 FUG amphibious scout car and the D-944 PSZH APC , which have rear engines but also have twin waterjets .	BRDM-2	car
What point could be confused with?	Citizens	similarity	A sponsor of the plan , Representative John Linder acknowledged Bartlett 's point that the Church of Scientology had proposed a national sales tax , but said that the FairTax movement was independent of the Church of Scientology and Bartlett had confused them with the Scientology-affiliated Citizens for an Alternative Tax System .	point	Citizens
What intolerance is similar to?	allergies	similarity	Food intolerance and lactase deficiency may also be confused with food allergies .	intolerance	allergies
Could Thomas be confused with Thomas?	Yes	similarity	T.R. Vedantham showing his own perspective on Christianity was the first to propose in 1987 that Thomas of Cana was confused with the 1st century apostle Thomas by India 's Syrian Christians sometime after his death , becoming their Apostle Thomas in India .	Thomas	Thomas
What Duration could be confused with?	work	similarity	Duration should not be confused with work .	Duration	work
What Enterprise Messaging System is similar to?	system	similarity	Note that an Enterprise Messaging System should not be confused with an electronic mail system used for delivering human readable text messages to individual people .	Enterprise Messaging System	system
Could sandals be confused with shoes?	Yes	similarity	The episcopal sandals should not be confused with the velvet papal shoes , which were recently reinstated by Pope Benedict XVI .	sandals	shoes
What it could be confused with?	San Francisco National Cemetery	similarity	Because of the name and location , it is frequently confused with San Francisco National Cemetery , which dates to the 19th century and is in the Presidio of San Francisco , in view of the Golden Gate .	it	San Francisco National Cemetery
What John is similar to?	John William Foster	similarity	That John should not be confused with John William Foster , MP for Dunleer 1783-90 .	John	John William Foster
Could Laboratory tubes be confused with glass tubing?	Yes	similarity	Laboratory tubes must not be confused with glass tubing , which is used to carry gases between laboratory equipment .	Laboratory tubes	glass tubing
What Letter-spacing could be confused with?	kerning	similarity	Letter-spacing can be confused with kerning .	Letter-spacing	kerning
What enlargement is similar to?	disease	similarity	This extraoral enlargement may be confused with parotid salivary gland disease , dental infections , and maxillofacial neoplasms .	enlargement	disease
Could MLST be confused with barcoding?	Yes	similarity	MLST should not be confused with DNA barcoding .	MLST	barcoding
What system could be confused with?	steering	similarity	This system should not be confused with variable assist power steering , which varies steering assist torque , not steering ratios , nor with systems where the gear ratio is only varied as a function of steering angle .	system	steering
What Repeaters is similar to?	s	similarity	Repeaters should not be confused with striking clock s or watches , which do not strike on demand , but merely at regular intervals .	Repeaters	s
Could SagDIG be confused with Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy?	Yes	similarity	SagDIG should not be confused with the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy or SagDEG , a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way .	SagDIG	Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy
What fort could be confused with?	fort	similarity	The Rohtaas fort in Bihar should not be confused with another fort of the same name , near Jhelum , Punjab , in what is now Pakistan .	fort	fort
What ryū is similar to?	Okinawa	similarity	Isshin-ryū should not be confused with the modern Okinawa n karate system Isshin-ryu	ryū	Okinawa
Could notion be confused with notion?	Yes	similarity	This notion should not be confused with the notion of a thin set in number theory .	notion	notion
What Precipitation could be confused with?	cloud	similarity	Precipitation from the parent cloud is often confused with the accessory cloud and observers think that the precipitation is actually falling from the accessory cloud .	Precipitation	cloud
What opinions is similar to?	question	similarity	Advisory opinions should not be confused with certified question s by one court to another , which are permissible .	opinions	question
Could Solos be confused with crossings?	Yes	similarity	These Solos should not be confused with the unassisted crossings of Ulrich or Weber .	Solos	crossings
What energy could be confused with?	energy	similarity	Bond energy should not be confused with bond-dissociation energy .	energy	energy
What CZ is similar to?	rifle	similarity	The CZ 97 should not be confused with the Norinco QBZ 97B assault rifle of similar name .	CZ	rifle
Could battle be confused with Second Battle of Independence?	Yes	similarity	This battle should not be confused with the Second Battle of Independence , which was fought in 1864 .	battle	Second Battle of Independence
What engagement could be confused with?	Second Battle of Lexington	similarity	This engagement should not be confused with the Second Battle of Lexington , which was fought on October 19 , 1864 .	engagement	Second Battle of Lexington
What town is similar to?	Barker	similarity	Residents of Mount Barker , Western Australia comment that the town is often confused with Mount Barker, South Australia , especially when dealing with national telephone centres based outside Western Australia .	town	Barker
Could PLMD be confused with restless leg syndrome?	Yes	similarity	PLMD should not be confused with restless leg syndrome .	PLMD	restless leg syndrome
What Zilog Z80 is used for?	processors	purpose	The Zilog Z80 , Intel 80286 and National Semiconductor 32016 were all used as second processors in the various models .	Zilog Z80	processors
For what could be used It?	framework	purpose	It has been used both as a framework for a theoretical understanding of computation , and as the theoretical basis for several practical implementations of concurrent systems .	It	framework
Is KLM could be used for commercial?	Yes	purpose	In 2000 , KLM used this version as a commercial .	KLM	commercial
What Alphasmart is used for?	keyboard	purpose	When not transferring text , the Alphasmart can be used as a standard keyboard .	Alphasmart	keyboard
For what could be used Settings?	settings	purpose	Settings reminiscent of that town are also often used as settings for her other work .	Settings	settings
Is Boyce could be used for use?	Yes	purpose	Boyce had used his share mainly for his personal use .	Boyce	use
What Eye is used for?	theme	purpose	Her song `` Cat 's Eye '' was used as the first opening theme for the eponymous 1983 anime series '' Cat's Eye '' and debuted as # 1 on `` Countdown Japan '' .	Eye	theme
For what could be used Island?	ranch	purpose	Originally , Antelope Island was used as a ranch for cattle and sheep , starting from the earliest days of the arrival of the Mormon pioneers into the Salt Lake Valley .	Island	ranch
Is Before could be used for name?	Yes	purpose	Before 1980 , the term `` protoanalysis '' was narrower in scope , used specifically as the name for Ichazo 's theory of types , from which the Enneagram of Personality was derived .	Before	name
What Angels is used for?	home games	purpose	The Angels used Gene Autry Park in nearby Mesa for their home games until 2005 .	Angels	home games
For what could be used Harvard?	creation	purpose	Harvard used this land for the creation of the Bussey Institute , which was dedicated to agricultural experimentation .	Harvard	creation
Is Atherton Courthouse could be used for hospital?	Yes	purpose	The Atherton Courthouse was used as a wartime hospital for officers during World War II and has air raid bunkers beneath the building .	Atherton Courthouse	hospital
What Armijo is used for?	formula_25	purpose	For example , Armijo used for both formula_25 and formula_26 in a paper he published in 1966 .	Armijo	formula_25
For what could be used BSBs?	card	purpose	BSBs are not used in transactions involving payment card s , such as credit card s or debit card s , nor in BPAY transactions .	BSBs	card
Is Bass pedals could be used for adjunct?	Yes	purpose	Bass pedals are used by keyboard players as an adjunct to their full-range manual keyboard s , by performers of other instruments , or by themselves .	Bass pedals	adjunct
What Fein is used for?	sluggers	purpose	Fein also used his gang as labor sluggers , renting his gang out to either unions or companies , dominating much of New York 's East Side eventually earning $ 20,000 a year .	Fein	sluggers
For what could be used Manta?	subject	purpose	In later events , Black Manta was used as a test subject to make water breathers , using genetic manipulation .	Manta	subject
Is Gas could be used for cooking?	Yes	purpose	Gas or coal was used for cooking and coal for heating .	Gas	cooking
What Bukharic is used for?	language	purpose	However , in 1938 , Bukharic was no longer used as the language for instruction in the schools and in cultural activities .	Bukharic	language
For what could be used CAN?	campuses	purpose	Though the CAN is mainly used for corporate campuses so the data link will be of high speed .	CAN	campuses
Is Fitzroy could be used for vessel?	Yes	purpose	`` Holmes '' had been used once before in 1671 , and `` Fitzroy '' had previously been used for a survey vessel in 1919 .	Fitzroy	vessel
What Centre is used for?	sports	purpose	At Caulfield , the Lindsay Thompson Centre is used for indoor sports such as basketball and netball , and the Alfred Mills Oval is the traditional home of the First XI cricket and First XVIII football teams .	Centre	sports
For what could be used Haven B. Howe House?	Center	purpose	The Haven B. Howe House is used as a Nature Exhibit Center that focuses on the lake 's wildlife habitat .	Haven B. Howe House	Center
Is I could be used for second?	Yes	purpose	Elizabeth I used the badge as her second Great Seal of 1586 .	I	second
What Cocker is used for?	point	purpose	Cocker used this phrase as the starting point for the song and embellished the situation for dramatic effect , for example reversing the situation in the song when the female character declares that `` I want to sleep with common people like you '' .	Cocker	point
For what could be used Reserve?	training	purpose	The main park , Len Packham Reserve , located on Waverley Road to the rear of the Coolbellup Shopping Centre is used for little league soccer training and the park also has basketball courts and a skatepark .	Reserve	training
Is Press could be used for front?	Yes	purpose	In the late 1970s , the American media reported that the Copley Press was used as a front by the Central Intelligence Agency .	Press	front
What Oral is used for?	cases	purpose	Oral or injected corticosteroid s may be used for cases of costochondritis unresponsive to treatment by NSAIDS ; however , this treatment has not been the subject of study by rigorous randomized controlled trial s and its practice is currently based on clinical experience .	Oral	cases
For what could be used British?	headquarters	purpose	When the island was briefly occupied during the War of 1812 , the British used Dungeness as their headquarters .	British	headquarters
Is Grade I listed could be used for events?	Yes	purpose	More recently , the surviving Grade I listed entrance building has been used for occasional art events .	Grade I listed	events
